VPN Service For Torrenting and Streaming
WiredVPN.net has been testing and perfecting the privacy service it offers, for quite some time. Today, WiredVPN has gone public with it’s offering of true private internet access. As a promotion for it’s first day, WiredVPN is offering a 50% off coupon for the first month of service. The coupon code to use at checkout is 50OFF. 

With the recent uproar regarding internet privacy and the formal fines being sent out by internet service providers, it has become vital for internet users to have a VPN account. The problem is, many VPN providers keep logs, and don’t really provide you privacy when browsing, downloading, streaming, and doing other things on the internet. 

After signing up with www.WiredVPN.net you will be provided configuration files, and tutorials for how to use the VPN service with your PC/MAC/iOS Device/Android Device and more. For PC users, there is a custom Windows application which has been released with a simple interface allowing you to connect to the VPN with a single click and monitor your bandwidth usage amongst other fancy tools.  All of our services run on a 1GBIT internet connection located in multiple cities around the world.  We work day and night to add new locations every week!

As an added bonus, at WiredVPN you get unlimited bandwidth when you signup for any package. There is no tracking, no limitations, and no hidden costs. Signup today for $4.49 using the 50OFF coupon to try us out for the first month. That’s the same cost as a cup of coffee ! 

We look forward to seeing you at www.WiredVPN.net . If you have any questions you can call us or text our support at 647-799-3142, or you can use our live chat located on our website. 

Wired VPN Management
Youtube Channel : https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCL82fH-n5IpyBOrLCNHkJSg

Copyright © 2017 internet sec, All rights reserved. 
subscribers from wired service logs 

Our mailing address is: 
internet sec
138 bloor street
Toronto, On M6S 0A3
Canada
